scroll YouTube Cisco here live from pjs
gonna Co people in the room say hi
everybody could you to say hello nobody
says hi probably cuz my internet
internet connections gonna take about
five minutes for them to see me telling
him hi there we go nice so I'm gonna do
a box of preferred free group break if
you guys didn't get in maybe next time
if you guys are in the room you guys are
miss out because only 13 people the room
and have more than 13 cards to give away
I think so uh next time when I you know
show up all right so fat do box I
mean angle it down a little bit cuz the
back so I can see here we go guys good
luck to everybody look at the knife
thing too yeah it's good food nobody
cares about the box i'm not saying you
know I'm not giving away the box so I'll
do the middle one first I guess cuz it's
that's fine I don't know oh it's a
Redemption see that guy's panini choice
red card 119 show to the camera charged
119 is bob mackadoo my boy bob mackadoo
yeah darzee happen sorry sports car bob
mackadoo what team what team is he
playing with the Rockets is it ok we'll
find that out i guess so bob mackadoo I
think that's for the rockets will go
with I don't know this one it feels like
a triangle like a guitar pick
oh not bad 14 Pacers Darren Collison
that is number 12 of 25 cool Darren
Collison on card Otto should we go with
the booklet next or should we go with
the possible silhouette what do you guys
think book litter silhouette booklet
okay booklet next let's do this booklet
so booklet is number 150 of 199 its
rebound let's see who it is large warm
we got there that's it we got samuel
dalembert so join us Augustus Andrew
Bogut Marcus Camby Chris Kaman yo Keem
Noah and Marc Gasol so is there any
people there on the same team there
might be we got a king's got a Cavs of
bucks trail bladers clips Bulls
Grizzlies know all different teams so
that wraps he obviously have to be
random rebound so cool sports cardiology
team you have here in a minute my bad i
was able to print out so here goes the
last one good luck to all come on let's
do a silhouette guy for you guys let's
see silhouette Oh guys it's a patch
silhouette guys it's a patch silhouette
a patch silhouette a patch silhouette
that's why you guys joined this free
brute group right because you're gonna
get a car that's gonna that's pretty
good day patch silhouette Greg Monroe
numbered six of 25 and that's why you
joined free group breaks cuz you can win
something nice was pretty good so you
can stop recording thanks guys peace out